Content: More Sokoban levels (#45863)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: data/raw/sokoban.txt

; Web Site: http://www.sourcecode.se/sokoban/levels.php
;
; Levels from the Game Boy.
;

> ; Copyright (c) 1998-1999 by Kevin Hugo
> ; The last eight levels of this file are from NetHack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
; Levels 121-128 (currently the last 8 in the file) are from NetHack.
; Copyright (c) 1998-1999 by Kevin Hugo
; See sokoban-nethack.license.txt for the license for these levels.
```
